we asked you to send pictures of your
setups so that we could maybe heal them
in our series the setup doctor but today
we ain't healing them that's right we're
taking them to the Burn Unit we're
roasting your setups today and there's
going to be no mercy you will be
destroyed let's go oh you're definitely
going to get roasted if this is your
tiny gift display how about leveling up
so everyone can enjoy it too our sponsor
GOI just released their current lights 2
with a higher frame rate than the
previous version your neighbor would
love binging JF right outside your house
thanks to its AI lighting but you can
even generate this Majestic eggplant for
me check out go there's a link in the
description holy crap what do you
capture this on Nintendo DS we don't
have the dynamic range to know what any
of it is also it looks like a lot of
them are just tied up in like knots
which is really good for them wa this is
a goon cave holy holy
sh a big hole in the wall man laundry
that has not been done in a while Nathan
I hope you get out of the cracked den
you're in yeah I really do what is what
are you taking these photos on do
yourself a favor get a camera I don't
care what it is iPhone 4 would be better
than this this is rough this is what
rock bottom looks like and I'm really
happy to say that Nathan it's only up
from here it can only get better got
some nice speakers maybe he's got
speakers on speakers like they're
plugged in yeah whatever can't even
after he boosted them from the abandoned
house next door this guy's a freaking
criminal for sure here's the thing when
we ask people for submissions please
feel a little bit of Shame before you
just submit that one's rough Nathan I'm
really
disappointed why did you put your TV off
center holy crap that sucks they were
like oh I need the door to open so that
to mount these right at the ceiling they
got the subwoofer here they got a nice
Center these towers are expensive yeah
and just truly collection of the worst
board games of all time Cards Against
Humanity The Game of Life Monopoly Major
League Baseball Edition Cards Against
Humanity appeals to people who have
always wanted to be funny but never have
been I love this this is a cool setup
this is a good one this one looks like I
don't know is this the computer when you
have guests over you put them here is
that a stock Windows
background yep that is a stock Windows
background personalized NPC NPC ass
background this is a nice set like why
this is another one of those things like
did just put it up there for the video
like there's no how you would have never
done that one wire no one would have
done that they would have just gone oh
that's up there done like even if you
didn't cable manage it where is this how
what the hell is going on is this the
same person he's got the chungus water
bottle another mousemat and the W mouse
mat which you can get at LTT store.com I
like I like the $30,000
amp $400 Bluetooth headset oh wait yeah
where are the headphones that go with
that or are they these
oh sorry are these they well how many
calls are you taking dude I wonder how
much I bet you this guy's a scam caller
that's how he makes this money your
bedroom setup sucks yeah just remove
your bedroom setup is trash don't
include that photo next time all the
rest fix your bedroom setup you clearly
know how that's that's I think that's
the worst part is you know how you have
the skills you've done it multiple times
before this
sucks whoa that's a
monitors this looks like a JPEG of a
garbage can this doesn't look you know
what I'm saying there's like a Twitter
account that just says low poly food in
video games that 100% would be on that
Twitter account like you're looking at
it too closely the whole thing is flat
for some reason I don't know what's
going on there that's weird F have they
just been crushing
beers just looking yep y yeah this was
in the middle of a sesh they even got
the cooler this is oh man they wanted to
go fishing but it started raining so
they went and ordered takeout and they
got all their dips oh you wipe your ass
on that nice uh it's
Wednesday it is Wednesday be so much
happier I can ignore the stained carpet
bunch of audio stuff that's the
name of the brand some Stacks dude
this guy's really interest I
legitimately what they're called yeah
this is a fire hazard this is a l this
is this is how you die uh the cable
management under the desk is insanely
better than the cable management on top
of the desk that's rare which is very
rare who's that cutie oh hello were you
watching setup doctor on both setups
hold on so you're watching setup doctor
here and you didn't think that was sing
hard enough so you had to watch it on
this computer too uh this is really
great for ventilation on the PlayStation
4 put on top of a bunch of
underwear um it's also just a bad spot
to have your underwear
[Music]
yeah ew ew is that underwear pick your
socks up that's a those are scrunchies
they they L foot they blurred their foot
that was smart person is educated on how
the internet
works okay that's a nice setup that's
classy I like the full size pink this is
Chill AF yeah very pink I like it got
some cable management to do and dear
goodness clean up your floor like what a
lot of scrunchies and just there's also
clearly like liquid was spilled here at
one point there's detrus of sorts this
cable just yeah it's not even plugged in
it's in like it's an original wrap it
has the the plug protectors on it it has
the like twisty tie thinger around you
bought it you went to plug it in you're
like oh okay yeah I'm done you belong on
the floor now all right what's next is
this blurred yeah so the fact that you
took the time to blur it but not remove
it from the photo yeah just move it Blow
desk fine that's just cables it's so
close to Greatness yeah you do so well
it makes it so much more frustrating got
some wuss I'm I'm better now you you're
healed there's anim did these heal you
yeah very nice good for
you so that this is hooked up to the
same computer
oh oh that's pretty cool oh zoom out is
that a table
sideways did you just use that to cover
the cables on the floor you monster you
monster why would you do that they had
at one point it's not being used anymore
so they knew it was a thing they should
do at one point this is a pretty sick
setup yeah this is clean up your
scrunchies and you get a 10
yeah oh 360 shot yo this is sick as heck
that fan is so
big this gu was at LTX 2023 represent I
like that we got like a retro area with
the old IM
oh I love those beautiful I like this CD
art too CRT of some sort that's an
iMac cut that cut that for the love of
God cut
that what is he making why is he doing
this why are you making lus smile I
don't like it what are you doing what
are you doing in projecting lonus in 3D
space somehow uh this is It's just
somebody's room they it work yeah Nate
good setup good room yeah great great
room
damn yeah like that is a nice desk I
like the plywood a man after lonus his
own heart playing ano
1800 drinking a Twisted Tea single
Twisted with the with the graphing
calculator hell yeah yeah this guy this
guy lives a life of some sort big
basement energy yeah absolutely but
making the most out of it I love the uh
the ethernet going through the ceiling
it's still okay that's not that bad
come on you made you put the point of
the other cables you could put that one
up put the Twisted DT down for a second
fix fix this they nicely manage that one
cable up and around and the other one
there's like a it we put on the floor
holy crap did you buy like damn damn
what you buy a ker of C ethernet cable
holy what's the Wi-Fi password oh here
just give me a second runs downstairs
and Brak like just plug into this I
think you're about H 26 and A2 feet away
all right
yeah it's a cool setup I don't mind it
the ethernet runs could be a bit
better there's nothing happening here I
can't help but notice iMed the caes
sometimes I give people more of a pass
when they have more stuff going on this
is why there's nothing going on so you
can't have your four messy cables or
whatever it is because that's all that
looks at immediately what we see I like
how you have uh you're nice carpet
protector sadly it did not protect this
stain from happening grow
weed no it's not
weed look like
weed I'm
joking I don't grow it
myself neither do I but why why do you
think well it's it's
[Music]
green editor cut all of this let's just
move on what your dog looks absolutely
Terri terrified your dog looks like he's
going to die you've cornered him got the
lotion on the bed yeah like glad you
moved it off your desk and he was me wow
okay man it doesn't matter you just
don't worry about it okay like you it's
the moment you get over it the moment
you realize that it it didn't mean
anything in the past okay trust me I've
been
[Music]
there
wow okay so he's got this diagram that I
don't care about
I okay I was going to say I don't care
about your network diagram but then Luke
was very excited so I'll let you go KVM
setup yeah this is legit and it's a
desktop and laptop KVM setup this is
sick this is very cool this is cool
that's not cool that's way way why does
that always happen every time it's
always the next the next picture this
guy has a server rack but couldn't
afford a table to put his printer on it
just sits on the floor what why is the
soundar just there by a table listen you
can find furniture for free really
easily anywhere it's just not that hard
you have no excuse to have both of your
printers on the ground just put you have
a rack I don't know rack about just put
a table there this monitor arm is
crying it's like oh God I'm trying so
hard get old the waight of it please
yeah this person needs to spend all of
the money that they very clearly have on
a nicer desk yeah and maybe some artwork
I don't know like a single art cool
setup technically on the on that side
you just need to take care of the kale
mag is what kind of splooge stain is
that yeah what is that this is taken on
my 2004 Canon personal handheld camera
see this person has an excuse for not
having a table cuz they they haven't
wasted their money on a fancy camera or
like a nice monitor couldn't hold still
for your image Star Wars Lego I feel
like the investment is interesting here
looking at the desk that they have
versus the probably like $800 worth of
Star Wars Lego I like how they got again
priorities the cheapest AliExpress desk
plus the largest Lego set I have seen in
my damn life look at that box they
clearly bought the like death star
that's like
$800 yeah and they're just using it as a
stand they're not even like oh yeah it's
an investment because like Lego goes up
in value no they're just like they just
don't understand how good it could be to
have a real table that's one of those
like calm you down Bowl things whatever
they're called oh are you
like yeah yeah one of those
yeah yeah this is nice we got we got we
got a stack we got a wireless
charger oh they got pke audio this is
like kind of a nice setup yep and big
Fen but they take care of it yeah got
some nice little figurines this seems
like a really good setup are you happy
now hi Barry this is your this satisfies
you no cuz it's not in my room don't
include that editor wipe your walls what
are you doing
the the feets they need a
clean you can tell that this guy has
like really dry feet cuz it's like
scraping the side like the paint off of
it it's just oh my
God don't zoom
in wash your feet stop change it wash
your feet how much how much would it
take for you to lick it h five bucks but
besides the dirty feet this is a really
nice spot like yeah this is a good
basement I like how you have a vent
instead of a window that's pretty
chill you know overall like it's a nice
setup why did you submit it to get fixed
it doesn't need
it this person loves wasting money hell
yeah this is my type of set up we're
figurine maxing woo
sorry sorry you okay over there I got to
stop looking copious amounts of manga
copious amounts of figurines look at the
size of that one in the bottom right of
that case that is not cheap okay I am
not at all surprised at the Final
Fantasy n Walker background given um all
of this stuff uh all of this stuff uh I
like it this stuff uh pretty much
everything around here and uh the mouse
pad and everything else the N Walker
background just totally
it fits in makes sense I like it this
person does not know what savings are
this person has never heard of a tax
shelter this person has the impulse
control of a three-year-old boy okay oh
my God so much money is there two
computers as well and a screen on the
front of their computer oh my God so
they have also met someone that is
equally irresponsible wow they're
enabling each other I do love the neon
curvy that's not lit up oh and they even
have a place to touch
grass I like the honey I'm going to buy
something I'm going to buy it I'm going
to buy it babe babe look babe the grass
is right
there touch grass it's just to remind
you every so often that is cheating by
the way you do not get credit for
touching grass if you touch your wall I
like this setup buddy here probably
makes an obscene amount of money yeah
sis admin on the left sis admin for sure
if he decides to quit it the entire
infrastructure of a company is just
completely leaving well Kevin I hope you
make lots of money if not make better
decisions overall this is really nice
though like I appreciate the art in the
background I like how we've murdered
grou for crimes against
humanity looks like he's hang baby Yoda
holy sorry to hear that maybe you don't
murder children aliens down here the
desk has taken damage yeah what are you
doing when
what are you doing they're playing the
brain teaser game they're
like those damn sandpaper shirts you
know yeah the whole every why did they
send us two photos that's it there's
only these two I'm mad that that makes
me more mad than any set up so stupid
why why would you submit two photos the
exact same rough moving on I'm you
deserve no more and if you want to watch
more roasts like this you can see extras
for this very video on flow.com you need
to go there
right this is a real living at my desk
kind of scenario we got the metal
Chopsticks we got the lotion we got the
hand sany we got is it a 3D printed top
part of a mug is it 3D printed mug for
pacing yourself the lube the lube that's
the lube
baby certified goon these pictures are
so close what is it ah thank you this
look is that's a that's a foot input
that's like a foot pad oh my God that
thing that is the most sweatiest that's
like a sweaty 2008 csgo player whoa wow
this immediately became the maximalist
of maximalist setups buddy's got a lot
of
stuff like a lot of stuff like a whole
lot of stuff I hope this person doesn't
live anywhere near where earthquakes
happen cuz they are dead the moment an
earthquake hits we've got a headphone
holder here which is not being used at
all and we've got like a dozen turkey
trays this person literally this is this
is definitely I live here what is this
are they trying to tell us something oh
that's the submission for the nice nice
yeah it was okay you made the best of
what set some of these May me angry I'm
not angry I'm not
angry now on to Matt who has a 3D
printer apparently yeah and he doesn't
use it had a 3D printer now he has a
mass this is horrible this sucks yeah
please go home what is what is anything
here yeah the stack of hard
drive holy crap that's a lot of hard
drives yeah that's a lot of hard drives
how big are they twoo only two terabytes
so that's not too insane I don't even
know if I want to say I think I want
them to fall over I think I think they
need to learn from this and it's it's
not going to be that bad of a lesson cuz
they're 2 ter hard drives this man
pirates for sure I think it needs to
there needs to be something that happens
from I'm so mad at this someone needs to
bump this desk this person needs to
learn to never do this again he got
another hard dve another hard drive
somebody tell this man about ssds please
what is the fan taped to the top of his
power
supply that is so good these are our
viewers meaning they've probably watched
us build a computer and know what to not
do and what to do I have mounted drives
in weird sketchy ways out of almost
necessity before I think this is just
laziness I think this could have fit in
the computer this person's like it works
100% well I mean clearly that's what
they would say uh I I really hate this I
also like how not stereo the speaker
setup is it's not oh I think that's a
nice part about mov movable pairs if you
want the mono experience you're tired of
The Beatles having the drums all the way
in one ear you can just go here and then
you feel great this man this man eating
his Skittles with a fork oh LT water
bottle so there's more hard drives that
we didn't originally see on the other
side of the stack and the hard Drive
Bays that are in the computer are empty
I'm fuming I'm really mad I just don't
get it overall like decent setup but
could definitely use just a little bit
of a tidy not a big tidy no I could use
a big tidy this needs a big tidy this
guy needs to prioritize he also needs a
mous
pad oh that's beautiful the window you
got that a brown this is
amazing what holy crap this is
incredible oh separate numpad after my
own heart a separate numpad on the right
side be on their Mouse this is a person
of absolute culture they deserve no
reduction in points for anything right
now let's go to the next photo there's
got to be more I don't know okay there
[Music]
was this is rough it wasn't worth trying
to get some free cable management to to
to you know when you could have just
claimed this and then now everyone knows
you have this as
well I like the like full desk desk pad
that's kind of cool it can be it can be
a little bit more complicated find a
desk pad that actually matches your
whole desk cables are big oof Omega R
those are going to be right by your feet
you're probably like you're probably
just like playing with it they did this
this needs some help why you made it
worse by tying whatever to it you've
made it so much worse the cables that
are stretched around just to touch that
thing cut off the end of your zip ties
please I don't think the table leg is
the right move here I appreciate that
you all the way at the bottom of the
table for like 17 seconds thought about
doing cable management and then abandon
it but you should come back to the topic
ew it's so
hairy why is it so hairy I really hope
that they have a dog that legitimately
looks like dead like Daddy Long Legs
yeah that's pretty gross dude also like
look at the CPU Cooler yuck yeah that's
see better days you should take that off
you should just get a different CPU
Cooler if you're running a 3080 I don't
know what CPU you have but it probably
wants more cooling than thaty oh the
computer's dented do you see it the very
top did you drop your computer D that
may be why the side panel's not on nice
little console setup here we got when
you get the green Xbox they even have
their verification can there this corner
is like presistin that's really nice
this is really out of nowhere this is
super nice dude that Xbox looks so good
that is incredibly sick I really wish I
had this Halo 3 helmet I have one of
those this is super sick this is a
really cool area I I I Vibe I do as well
wa whoo look at that Pikachu N64 damn
okay that's actually sick that's so cool
that totally makes up for the copious
amount of Funko Pops you up
honestly disappointed yeah I'm pretty
mad that this as our audience could have
done better we need to take some amount
of responsibility for this I think yeah
cuz you guys learned from us people
you've learned their their actions
reflect on on us to a certain degree I'm
sorry you know just get help like we do
from our
sponsor jlc PCB jlc PCB is a great
affordable choice for electronic
Engineers prototyping pcbs they offer a
lightning fast turnaround competitive
pricing and most importantly high
quality p BCBS they now support 22 to 32
layer boards without compromising on
speed affordability or quality best of
all they're having an Engineers Day Sale
where you can get $125 off coupons and
exciting gifts check out jlcpcb using
our Link in the description to start
designing your own pcbs today if you
like this video why don't you watch one
of the other times we've roasted viewer
setups it's uh y'all are disgusting or
our setups yeah we're not as disgusting
I don't think we're pretty bad though